Improve UMA docs (#92)
wso2-extensions/identity-oauth-uma: docs/config.md

# User Managed Access with WSO2 Identity Server

WSO2 Identity Server (WSO2 IS) supports the UMA 2.0 protocol, which allows a resource owner to easily share resources with other requesting parties. To use UMA with WSO2 Identity Server, first you need to configure the authenticator with WSO2 Identity Server.

> ### Deploying UMA Artifacts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Deploying UMA Artifacts
```

> You can build the authenticator from the source code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can build the authenticator from the source code by following the steps given below.
```

> To build from the source code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

   1. Stop WSO2 Identity Server if it is already running.
   2. To build the artifacts, navigate to the repository directory and execute the following command:
      ```
      mvn clean install
      ```

>    3. Add the `.jar` files are created in the following directories to the `<IS_HOME>/repository/components/dropins` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   3. Add the `.jar` files that are created in the following directories to the `<IS_HOME>/repository/components/dropins` directory.
```

>    3. Place the following `.jar` files into the `<IS_HOME>/repository/components/dropins` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   3. Place the following `.jar` files in the `<IS_HOME>/repository/components/dropins` directory.
```

       org.wso2.carbon.identity.oauth.uma.permission.service-x.x.x.jar
       org.wso2.carbon.identity.oauth.uma.resource.service-x.x.x.jar
       org.wso2.carbon.identity.oauth.uma.xacml.extension-x.x.x.jar
       ```

>    4. Place the following `.war` files into the `<IS_HOME>/repository/deployment/server/webapps` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   4. Add the following `.war` files to the `<IS_HOME>/repository/deployment/server/webapps` directory.
```

       ```
       api#identity#oauth2#uma#resourceregistration#v_.war
       api#identity#oauth2#uma#permission#v_.war
       ```
   5. Run the corresponding db script from the [folder](../features/org.wso2.carbon.identity.oauth.uma.server.feature/resources/dbscripts)

>    6. Start/ Restart the WSO2 Identity Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   6. Start/ Restart WSO2 Identity Server.
```

2. To build from the source code:
   1. Stop WSO2 Identity Server if it is already running.

>    2. To build the artifacts, navigate to the repository directory and execute the following command in a command prompt:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. To build the artifacts, navigate to the repository directory on a command prompt and execute the following command:
```

      ```
      mvn clean install
      ```

>    3. Place the `.jar` files are created at following directories into the `<IS_HOME>/repository/components/dropins` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   3. Add the `.jar` files created in the following directories to the `<IS_HOME>/repository/components/dropins` directory.
```

      ```
      components/org.wso2.carbon.identity.oauth.uma.common/target
      components/org.wso2.carbon.identity.oauth.uma.grant/target
      components/org.wso2.carbon.identity.oauth.uma.permission.service/target
      components/org.wso2.carbon.identity.oauth.uma.resource.service/target
      components/org.wso2.carbon.identity.oauth.uma.xacml.extension/target
      ```

>    4. Place the `.war` files are created at following directories into the `<IS_HOME>/repository/deployment/server/webapps` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   4. Add the `.war` files created in the following directories to the `<IS_HOME>/repository/deployment/server/webapps` directory.
```

      ```
      components/org.wso2.carbon.identity.oauth.uma.permission.endpoint/target
      components/org.wso2.carbon.identity.oauth.uma.resource.endpoint/target 
      ```

>    5. Run the corresponding db script from the [folder](../features/org.wso2.carbon.identity.oauth.uma.server.feature/resources/dbscripts)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   5. Run the corresponding db script from the [folder](../features/org.wso2.carbon.identity.oauth.uma.server.feature/resources/dbscripts).
```

>    6. Start/ Restart the WSO2 Identity Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   6. Start/ Restart WSO2 Identity Server.
```

> ### Enabling UMA in the WSO2 Identity Server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Enabling UMA in WSO2 Identity Server
```

1. Stop WSO2 Identity Server if it is already running.

> 2. Add the below configuration in the `<IS-Home>/repository/conf/deployment.toml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add the below configuration to the `<IS-Home>/repository/conf/deployment.toml` file.
```
